README.md, before:

# COVID-19 Datasets for AWS Data Exchange

The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a high demand for related datasets for researchers and institutions fighting it. Rearc is committed to making these datasets available to subscribers via the [AWS Data Exchange](https://aws.amazon.com/data-exchange/) platform. [Read more](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/big-data/a-public-data-lake-for-analysis-of-covid-19-data/) about how these Rearc-published datasets are being used to power the public AWS COVID-19 data lake.

AWS Data Exchange (ADX) is a data marketplace that connects data providers with data subscribers in an easy effective way leveraging the AWS ecosystem of cloud tools and services. Anyone can become a data provider and get access to a growing set of data subscribers on the AWS platform. For subscribers, it makes it a unified experience acquiring data from reliable sources with a simplified subscription and billing experience. Subscribers can gain agility and meaningful insights from multiple datasets on the ADX platform. 

We at Rearc are tirelessly working to figure out which datasets are important to our subscribers. Open issues are being prioritized on our [project board](https://github.com/rearc-data/covid-datasets-aws-data-exchange/projects/1). If you are interested in seeing a different public dataset on the ADX platform, please [open an issue](https://github.com/rearc-data/covid-datasets-aws-data-exchange/issues/new) on this repository.

If you are a data provider interested in making your proprietary data available on the ADX platform with Rearc's help, or simply have a question, reach us at [info@rearc.io](mailto:info@rearc.io).

## Current set of Rearc-published COVID-19 data products on AWS Data Exchange:

1. [**Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) Testing Data | The COVID Tracking Project**](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-a2ev4blctqkwc?ref_=srh_res_product_title)
The COVID Tracking Project collects information from 50 US states, the District of Columbia, and 5 other US territories to provide the most comprehensive testing data for the novel coronavirus, SARS-CoV-2. The dataset includes positive and negative results, pending tests, and total people tested for each state or district currently reporting that data.
2. [**USA Hospital Beds - COVID-19 | Definitive Healthcare**](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-yivxd2owkloha?ref_=srh_res_product_title)
Definitive Healthcare provides intelligence on the numbers of licensed beds, staffed beds, ICU beds, and the bed utilization rate for the hospitals in the United States
3. [**COVID-19 Open Research Dataset (CORD-19) | Allen Institute for AI**](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-ybwpxcqlznbas?ref_=srh_res_product_title)
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Allen Institute for AI has partnered with leading research groups to prepare and distribute the COVID-19 Open Research Dataset (CORD-19), a free resource of over 44,000 scholarly articles, including over 29,000 with full text, about COVID-19 and the coronavirus family of viruses for use by the global research community.
4. [**Coronavirus (COVID-19) Data in the United States | The New York Times**](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-jmb464qw2yg74?ref_=srh_res_product_title)
The New York Times is releasing a series of data files with cumulative counts of coronavirus cases in the United States, at the state and county level, over time. This is time series data from state and local governments and health departments in an attempt to provide a complete record of the ongoing outbreak.
5.  [**Chicago COVID-19 Update Data | City of Chicago**](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-awlpvbw6cui3g?ref_=srh_res_product_title)
As this outbreak has spread globally, Chicago Department of Public Health is tracking the COVID-19 cases and deaths closely and is using data to guide its response.
6. [**Provisional Death Counts for Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) | NCHS**](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-rw5xp4o4hqu7g?ref_=srh_res_product_title)
This release contains the provisional counts for coronavirus disease (COVID-19) deaths in the United States, based on the data submitted to the National Center for Health Statistics (NCHS) and recorded by the National Vital Statistics System. It can take several weeks for death records to be processed by NCHS, so the included data may be incomplete, especially for more recent time periods. Death counts for earlier weeks will continue to be revised as more information becomes available.
7. [**San Francisco Bay Area COVID-19 Tracker**](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-7bbg5rjbsmimg?ref_=srh_res_product_title)
Daily data of the total number of COVID-19 cases in the six San Francisco Bay Area counties under "shelter in place" orders

Commit message:

add addtional covid-19 related adx projects to readme, added publishing date, and reordered product list to chronological order of publishing date

README.md, after:

# COVID-19 Datasets for AWS Data Exchange

The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a high demand for related datasets for researchers and institutions fighting it. Rearc is committed to making these datasets available to subscribers via the [AWS Data Exchange](https://aws.amazon.com/data-exchange/) platform. [Read more](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/big-data/a-public-data-lake-for-analysis-of-covid-19-data/) about how these Rearc-published datasets are being used to power the public AWS COVID-19 data lake.

AWS Data Exchange (ADX) is a data marketplace that connects data providers with data subscribers in an easy effective way leveraging the AWS ecosystem of cloud tools and services. Anyone can become a data provider and get access to a growing set of data subscribers on the AWS platform. For subscribers, it makes it a unified experience acquiring data from reliable sources with a simplified subscription and billing experience. Subscribers can gain agility and meaningful insights from multiple datasets on the ADX platform. 

We at Rearc are tirelessly working to figure out which datasets are important to our subscribers. Open issues are being prioritized on our [project board](https://github.com/rearc-data/covid-datasets-aws-data-exchange/projects/1). If you are interested in seeing a different public dataset on the ADX platform, please [open an issue](https://github.com/rearc-data/covid-datasets-aws-data-exchange/issues/new) on this repository.

If you are a data provider interested in making your proprietary data available on the ADX platform with Rearc's help, or simply have a question, reach us at [info@rearc.io](mailto:info@rearc.io).

## Current set of Rearc-published COVID-19 related data products on AWS Data Exchange:

1. [**Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) Testing Data | The COVID Tracking Project**](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-a2ev4blctqkwc?ref_=srh_res_product_title)
The COVID Tracking Project collects information from 50 US states, the District of Columbia, and 5 other US territories to provide the most comprehensive testing data for the novel coronavirus, SARS-CoV-2. The dataset includes positive and negative results, pending tests, and total people tested for each state or district currently reporting that data. (Published March 22, 2020)
2. [**COVID-19 Open Research Dataset (CORD-19) | Allen Institute for AI**](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-ybwpxcqlznbas?ref_=srh_res_product_title)
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Allen Institute for AI has partnered with leading research groups to prepare and distribute the COVID-19 Open Research Dataset (CORD-19), a free resource of over 44,000 scholarly articles, including over 29,000 with full text, about COVID-19 and the coronavirus family of viruses for use by the global research community. (Published March 22, 2020)
3. [**USA Hospital Beds - COVID-19 | Definitive Healthcare**](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-yivxd2owkloha?ref_=srh_res_product_title)
Definitive Healthcare provides intelligence on the numbers of licensed beds, staffed beds, ICU beds, and the bed utilization rate for the hospitals in the United States. (Published March 26, 2020)
4. [**Coronavirus (COVID-19) Data in the United States | The New York Times**](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-jmb464qw2yg74?ref_=srh_res_product_title)
The New York Times is releasing a series of data files with cumulative counts of coronavirus cases in the United States, at the state and county level, over time. This is time series data from state and local governments and health departments in an attempt to provide a complete record of the ongoing outbreak. (Published March 30, 2020)
5. [**Chicago COVID-19 Update Data | City of Chicago**](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-awlpvbw6cui3g?ref_=srh_res_product_title)
As this outbreak has spread globally, Chicago Department of Public Health is tracking the COVID-19 cases and deaths closely and is using data to guide its response. (Published Apr 9, 2020)
6. [**Hospitals Data | Homeland Infrastructure Foundation-Level Data (HIFLD)**](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-fmjkj5jshol2k?ref_=srh_res_product_title)
This dataset contains locations and resources of Hospitals for 50 US states, Washington D.C., US territories of Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, Northern Mariana Islands, Palau, and Virgin Islands. (Published Apr 10, 2020)
7. [**San Francisco Bay Area COVID-19 Tracker**](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-7bbg5rjbsmimg?ref_=srh_res_product_title)
Daily data of the total number of COVID-19 cases in the six San Francisco Bay Area counties under "shelter in place" orders. (Published Apr 15, 2020)
8. [**Provisional Death Counts for Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) | NCHS**](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-rw5xp4o4hqu7g?ref_=srh_res_product_title)
This release contains the provisional counts for coronavirus disease (COVID-19) deaths in the United States, based on the data submitted to the National Center for Health Statistics (NCHS) and recorded by the National Vital Statistics System. It can take several weeks for death records to be processed by NCHS, so the included data may be incomplete, especially for more recent time periods. Death counts for earlier weeks will continue to be revised as more information becomes available. (Published Apr 15, 2020)
9. [**COVID-19 Prediction Models Counties & Hospitals | Yu Group (UC Berkeley)**](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-jronjplzc4zwk?ref_=srh_res_product_title)
Yu Group at UC Berkeley is working to help forecast the severity of the COVID-19 epidemic both for individual counties and individual hospitals. This release contains datasets for the Prediction and Severity Index models produced by Yu Group. (Published Apr 16, 2020)
